It seems that your Zhang family will not suffer a little bit
Prince Hao Chen Zhan, this child has no eyes
Offended the king
You still look at the face of the old man
Just spare our Zhang family
I was wrong.
Please don't remember the villains
Miss Gao, I have something to say to Liao Fan alone
Please avoid it first
Stop
Senior sister, why are you making such a big fire?
Why do you want to talk to that Dongying woman?
Qingqing my
Don't you take my mother seriously?
How could I not respect you?
I have always regarded you as my biological sister
Dear sister, right?
You are such a scum
Scum me who am I scum me
During the extermination of the remnants of Cao Ling
Let me see you with another woman again
flirting
I can't spare you.
Ok ok I try my best I try my best
The stinky boy is playing Jinwu Zangjiao with me
What about women?
Ah that oh
Don't you know where it is?
I'll spare you this time
I took everyone away
Remember to come back and interrogate together at night?
Congratulations to Senior Sister
Xiao Fan, after you and His Excellency Zhang Wang have finished the matter
Go directly to the signature and find me.
3 hours later
We signed a contract with Baihao Group
You can protect it at will
See you in three hours.
Ah ok ok
In that case
Then I'll go directly to interrogate the ninja
on him
There must be intelligence about Gao Xiaoyun's security